[Applause]
trying to forget the horrors around them
these parents put on a brave face for
their
children so they can feel the joy of
Ramadan if for only the briefest of
moments it's unfortunate Ramadan this
year it's not like before we lost many
loved ones I lost all my family I'm left
all with my mother thousands of women
killed thousands more widowed thousands
of children killed and thousands more
orphaned despite our deep WS we are
trying to paint a smile on our surviving
children's
faces Palestinians choosing to observe
Ramadan of
fasting an irony not lost on people
whove been denied access to adequate
food or water for
months we trying to Mark the occasion
amid total absence of food and clean
water for more than 3 months we have not
seen bread our children are starving we
buried our loved ones and our homes were
destroyed we hope the benevolent world
would lend us a helping hand allow the
fast delivery of relief Food Supplies
without conditions we lost even the most
basic necessities of
life this un one shelter is now the only
home they have to celebrate the holy
month
Julie dger Al
jazer